Stop hugging uncle
Hold for 3 seconds
This hero saves the beauty and hugs it for 5 seconds, and it takes him to see color
Hey, I'm sorry.
The child has just learned idioms to talk nonsense
Don't talk nonsense, Mr. Gu, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
How do you drive?
Ma'am, are you alright?
My horse fan wasn't hurt
But the orange was hurt.
Oranges in supermarkets are very expensive.
How much? I'll pay you.
Not much money
The child is joking about the market price.
I don't know if the market price 30,000 enough
Enough. Enough.
Done uncle uncle, I see you are kind
I'll give you two cucumbers for free.
Hey, Mr. Gu
I also grow oranges in my hometown
As many as you want.
Just give it at the market price.
Why do you always feel that I have seen this person before?
I've seen it too.
He hangs a calendar with our family
The God of Wealth looks exactly the same
child
Hey
Did someone just come to the house?
It's my dad.
Yes your dad